
Mon Aug  1 13:52:49 MDT 2016

1. add Tiago's sampling schemes to the genepopfilemanager classes

2. Done, gui around ne-estimation

3. Catch error from Popen call to the simulation, and show msgbox to user
	Not done but ameliorated by param checks done before Ne estimation

Fri Aug 12 13:34:01 MDT 2016 

0. currently the warning about killing current
analyses and deleting their output is given on any click to close.  should only
come up when the  program knows there's a current run, but right now i'm not
satisfied that the life/death of the op_process attribute that, on both gui
interfaces (simupop and neestimator), performs the sim/ldne operation, whether
the isalive()  a precise flag enougth test for
the correct removal only of output files.  

1. on Windows neither sim or ne gui's can remove output files when sim/ne op is
cancelleed in progress -- get "WindowsError: [Error32] The process cannot access
the file because it is being used by another process." 

2. Done. the windows main menu does not load properly -- it displays the text
that in the unix OS's givs the accelerator keys "Ctrl+N" and "Ctrl+C", whereas
in the unix-based OS's we get the correct display of underlined N and C in "New"
and "Close" 

3.  pgguisimupop sessions output a *conf configuration file that has an entry under
section [configuration info], entry configuration_file, which currently gives
the temp file name used to run the sim -- not sure this is at all helpful -- and
can't really use the original conf file name, since the user may have changed
any param since loading it 

4.  disable all controls while sim/neest in progress.    

Mon Aug 15 19:17:24 MDT 2016 

1. default to "No" button as the active one on
program exit yes/no dialogs 

2. right-click tabs to offer close -- as many of
those fx's typical to tabbed interface while doable in tkinter

3. User needs to be able to edit whole ranges in the lists in the simulation configuration file
interface

Thu Aug 18 21:28:00 MDT 2016
1. When cancelling ne estimation, remove temporary directories.

Mon Aug 22 15:24:42 MDT 2016
1. use try/except when starting an ne-estimation -- to catch error when
	intermediate file exists.
2. get rid of any residual tmp* directories -- probably involves keeping
	a list of these as they are created
3. skip writing a *.msgs file as part of ne estimation output
4. ne estimation output *tsv file should be sorted by file/gen

